zDimension Lock Manuscript Plot/Outline
Previous doc
Link to drive (general)
Link to drive (scripts)
Link to Questions and Clarifications


Title:
	Dimension Lock
	Subtitle:
	Deadly Stories
	

VailedLight Entertainment LLC
DimensionLock | English | GlobalComix
http://www.dimensionlock.online
Webtoons
Oregon, USA


Overview


Who are the authors?


Knowing a little about the author will help you achieve the correct tone and style for the book. You can include links to your other content or provide designs to keep in mind when writing the manuscript.


Creator JD: The man with the plan. Our lead writer, the mind behind the story.


Ashe: 


Marvin: Scriptwriter, with a degree in scriptwriting backing them. They love horror and fantasy.


Jordan: 


Mary: 


RJS: 


Omri: Our script editor. An experienced author turned freelancer who had enough of working alone.


	

About the Competition


Is there anything to focus on or look out for that can make this manuscript better than that of your competitors?




	

What is the manuscript about?


Describe or recommend your book in 1 sentence.


As a reaper-in-training, Maytradalis travels the space in-between realities called the Endless. She and her best buddy Flybutt, a very interesting fly, and her great master, a living skeleton, Death will embark on a very challenging journey to find a way to defeat the mysterious entity called the Lurker. Find out how she slowly unveils the mysteries of Creation and the secrets that lie within!
	

What is the manuscript’s positioning?


A fiction book looks something like this: My manuscript targets [audience/ideal reader] and it has elements of [book topics]. The goal of the manuscript is to leave the reader [what you want them to feel/think afterward].


Our manuscript targets young adults and adults, and it has elements of good over evil. The goal of the manuscript is to leave the reader satisfied and have them think about the inevitability of evil in every world.
	

What do you want the readers to remember?


…About the manuscript, and/or what should resonate with them the most?


We want the readers to remember that there is always evil where there is good, but good often prevails.


1. Learning to move on. 
2. Learning to forgive oneself.
3. Finding what it means to be good in a world that's infinitely evil.
4. Cherish the things that are close to us.
	

Target Audience


Mark with X the Target of your book. Choose as many as apply.


Toddler
	 
	Child
	 
	Teen
	 X
	Adult
	X
	Student
	 
	Parent
	 
	Women
	X
	Men
	X
	Other (Please elaborate in the text box.)
	 
	 
	 
	 
	Structure


Confirm these important aspects of storytelling before getting started. Word count, chapter count, etc.


The artists will split each chapter into episodes to release in a timely manner.
	

Prologues and Afterwards


Confirm if you will use a prologue and afterward.




	

Point of View


Past or present tense?


Present


Multiple alternating narrators?


No


Type of narrator?


Third person


	

Styles


Mark with X the style of your book. Choose as many as apply.


Light-Hearted
	 
	Poetic
	 
	Whimsical
	 
	Mature
	 X
	Heavy-Hearted
	 
	Morbid Outlook
	 X
	Realistic
	X
	Romantic
	 
	Descriptive
	 
	Sarcastic
	 X
	Relatable
	 
	To-The-Point
	 
	Conversational
	 
	Humorous
	 
	“Edgy”
	 X
	Dialogue
	 
	Other (Please elaborate in the text box.)
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	

Genres and Subgenres


Mark with X the genres/sub-genres of your book. Choose as many as apply.


Children
	 
	Gothic Fiction
	 
	Mythology
	 
	Swashbuckler
	 
	Crime/Detective
	 
	Historical
	 
	Realistic Fiction
	 
	Tall Tale
	 
	Epic
	 X
	Horror
	 X
	Romance
	 
	Theological
	 
	Erotica
	 
	Humour
	 
	Satire
	 
	Suspense
	 
	Fable
	 
	Legend
	 
	Science Fiction
	 X
	Thriller
	 X
	Fairy Tale
	 
	Magical Realism
	 X
	Short Story
	 
	Tragicomedy
	 
	Fantasy
	 X
	Meta Fiction
	 
	Spy Fiction
	 
	Travel
	 
	Folk Tale
	 
	Mystery
	 
	Superhero
	 
	Western
	 
	Other (Please elaborate in the text box.)
	 
	 
	

	

	 
	 
	 
	

Tropes


Mark with X the tropes of your book. Choose as many as apply.


The Dark Lord
	 
	Open with a Dream
	 
	General Paranormal
	 
	The Chosen One
	 X
	Cliffhanger
	 
	Learn-To-Love
	 X
	Best Friends to Lovers
	 
	Happily, Ever After
	 
	All or Nothing
	 
	Best Friend’s Brother
	 
	Anti-Heroes
	 
	Running out of time
	 X
	Best Friend’s Sister
	 
	Redeemed Villain
	 
	Time Travel
	 
	Quest to Save the World
	 X
	Absent Parents
	 
	Guilt
	 
	Forbidden Love
	 
	Dead Parents
	 
	Self-Loathing
	 
	Missing Person
	 
	Lost Family
	

	Good Prevails
	 X
	Cold Cases
	 
	Found Family
	 
	Ominous Ending
	 
	Marriages of Convenience
	 
	Slow-Burn Romance
	 
	Haunting
	 
	Small Town
	 
	Genius
	 
	Unlikely Villain
	 
	 
Artificial Intelligence
	 X
	Abandoned
	 
	Fallen Angels
	 
	Retelling
	 
	Morbid
	 
	Christian
	 
	Military
	 
	Drunk to Sober
	 
	Ugly Duckling
	 
	Ancient Secrets
	 
	Bad Boy – Bad Girl
	 
	Nerd x Jock
	 
	Amnesia
	 
	Bad Boy - Good Girl
	 
	Bookworm
	 
	Gang
	 
	Animal Friends
	 
	Musician
	 
	BDSM
	 
	Talking Animals
	 
	Social Anxiety
	 
	Mafia
	 
	Lost Things
	 
	Starbucks Addiction
	 
	Love Triangle
	 
	Unlikely Friendship
	 X
	Smoker
	 
	Unlikely Hero
	 
	Dragons
	 
	Alternative Universe
	 X
	Plain Jane
	 
	Bully
	 
	Doppelganger
	 
	Denial of Love
	 
	Main Character Dies
	 X
	Invisible Monsters
	 
	Rebirth
	 X
	Resurrection
	 X
	Common Interests
	 
	Voyage
	 
	Vampires
	 
	Stalking
	 
	Rags to Riches
	 
	Werewolves
	 
	Murder
	 X
	Insta-Love
	 
	Witches
	 
	Hunted
	 X
	Enemies to lovers
	 
	Ghosts
	 
	Friend Dies First
	 X
	Mythology
	 
	Bad Girl
	 
	Emo
	 
	Mean Girls
	 
	Innocence
	 
	Disapproving Parents
	 
	Deal
	 
	Stolen Innocence
	 
	Pushing Limits
	 
	Going Crazy
	 
	New friends
	 
	Usurper
	 
	Other (Please elaborate in the text box.)
	 
	 
	

Themes


Mark with X the themes of your book. Choose as many as apply.


Love
	 
	Survival
	 X
	Change VS Tradition
	 
	Power and Corruption
	 X
	Honesty
	 
	Destruction of beauty
	 
	Good VS Evil
	 X
	Family
	 
	Evil or Real-Life Issues
	 X
	Death
	 X
	Prejudice
	 
	Fading Beauty
	 
	Individual vs. society
	 
	Revenge
	 X
	War
	 X
	Loyalty
	 X
	Courage
	 
	Faith
	 
	Coming of Age
	 X
	Displacement
	 
	Fear of Failure
	 
	Courage and heroism
	 X
	Empowerment
	 X
	Fate
	 
	Everlasting Love
	 
	Female Roles
	 X
	Positivity
	 
	Facing Reality
	 X
	Heroism
	

	Wealth
	 
	Dangers of Ignorance
	 
	Injustice
	 X
	Holiday
	 
	Companionship
	 
	Loneliness
	

	Underdog
	 
	Depression
	 
	Manipulation
	 
	Beating the Odds
	 
	Circle of Life
	 
	Joy
	 
	Redemption
	 
	Other (Please elaborate in the text box.)
	 
	 
	X
	1. Learning to move on. 
2. Learning to forgive oneself.
3. Finding what it means to be good in a world that's infinitely evil.
4. Cherish the things that are close to us.


	 
	 
	

Main Characters
 
May’tra’dalis


General History
May'tra'dalis (stylized as May and Maytradalis) is our protagonist. May is a Half-Reaper (the only Reaper type with no Reality) in training. She is originally Death’s Raven (an all-seeing-eye), appointing Reapers throughout creation. May runs Death’s Vault as an accountant. She is always aiming to become the best Reaper possible. Death created May to replace Sidney’s soul as the only way to defeat the Maddness.


Physical Appearance
Hair Color: Purple with black highlights
Eye Color: Dark gray eyes with bright green irises
Height: 5’7”
Weight: Athletic build; 90-110 lbs.


Personality Traits
Personality: May is hot-tempered. She doesn’t have remorse or care for most others. She is only emotional towards those who are exceptionally close to her. May shows leadership qualities, but she still has a long way to go. She has lost all her emotions and fakes them to seem normal.
Personality Arc: May learns how to be a good person as she studies science. She slowly becomes open to learning how to be in touch with her emotions. May’s arc one plot here.
Flaws: May is a firecracker and gets upset easily. She won't show her emotions right away. May is often forgetful.
Fight Style: Aggressive, acrobatic, not elegant.
Likes: Jazz music, macaroni, tranquillity, birds.
Dislikes: Law-breakers, loud sounds, disruption of order.
Quirks: Hyper-aggressive, sadist.
Trivia: Maytradalis is good with money management and acts as Death’s treasurer/accountant.


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	



Flybutt


General History
A winged familiar of Matrydalis who acts as a guide, alarm clock, companion, conscience and confidant. He and Matrydalis share a sibling bond. He's a failed attempt at bringing Maytrydalis’(Sydney’s) father back as a combination of souls and now acts as a punishment by Death to accompany Maytridalis for all of eternity.
May created him by accident after trying to recreate her father. The two have been inseparable ever since.
The relationship was awkward in the beginning. Flybutt was just a fly, always in the way. And if you ask May, that’s still how she feels, but the two grew to work together.


Physical Appearance
Hair Color: None
Eye Color: Big eyes with black pupils
Height: 1ft 1 inch
Weight: ~3lbs
Size: Currently not consistent


Personality Traits
Personality: Cautious, kind, wise, anxious, easily frightened 
Personality Arc: He becomes more brave as the story goes on
Flaws: Acts foolishly, sporadic.
Fight Style: Acts as May’s force field
Preferences: Soul Seeds (as a connoisseur), music, reading books
Quirks: Turns to stone (temporarily) when overstimulated or scared shitless.


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	



Vivian (Gabriel Forge)


General History
Vivian is an inventor. He decides to find who or what killed his reality by infiltrating Death’s Ship. He respects Reapers and wishes to find out how the Reaper of his reality went missing. Losing his family drove him to the current journey of finding out the truth as the last of his kind.
1 million years ago, the Leviathan Tengual destroyed his Reality. He wandered the world for a while. His father promised him he would teach Gabriel the ways of growing the Rasker Flower, but dies before he can entrust Gabriel to carry on his legacy. Gabriel goes on a journey to find the truth of the Leviathan, using his mother's name Vivian (in honor of her memory), so he becomes an inventor and explorer of the Endless.
He makes his way to the Statue of the Leviathan, scared and surprised, but moves forward through the portal, determined to find a way out.
He finds May's room and determines that she must be of importance. He shape-shifts into her but fails to mimic her voice. Flybutt busts him. Vivian tries to run as fast as he can off the ship.
When all efforts fail, and he is about to die, May enacts a Soul Contract with Vivian due to him wearing her hat. He now has to prove his worth, or else he dies.


Physical Appearance
Hair Color: Grayish-brown
Eye Color: Silver
Height: 5’1”
Weight: Stocky build, muscular, ~170lbs


Personality Traits
Personality: Vivian does what he wants. He has a strong sense of right and wrong and doesn’t see much gray. Vivian may do wrong, but he wouldn’t try to excuse his actions. He holds some respect for people above him and has kindness for those under him. Vivian wants to help people and can be quick to form friendships with people. He relies on the natural skills/powers he has gained. He is curious and explorative. Hot-headed and always looking for a fight.
Personality Arc: He calms down with time.
Flaws: Impulsive, arrogant, lazy
Fight Style: Swordsman
Preferences: Inventing
Quirks: Lone Wolf


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	

Death


General History
Description: Death is the Head Reaper. Death is an administrative system. If he dies, Creation dies and loses its way of appointing Reapers. New Realities cease to function.
Created by Leviathan Protocol 14 to make sure souls got to their location. Death created Reapers dedicated to each Reality. 
Death learned of Prime Realities and took the remaining life of the Home Realm by guiding 50k colony ships to the exit point of their Reality as elsewhere the Madness was born in the 0 Point of Creation
Death is close friends with Cryious.


Physical Appearance
Hair Color: Black
Eye Color: White irises with black pupils
Height: 6”3
Weight: ~160-170lbs


Personality Traits
Personality: Cold and emotionless. He is strict on tradition, policies, and rules. Heath doesn’t give out second chances readily. He has a mostly black-and-white viewpoint as far as what is and isn’t correct. He tries to pretend to be caring but it comes off strange because he’s so flat in voice and his face doesn’t emote.
Personality Arc: He learns to become more emotional and bond with his peers and friends.
Flaws: He has no Soul, He lacks normal means of Reaping due to sacrificing his main ability (the All-seeing Eye/Raven). Anything from the Real World (to a certain extent) can affect him. The Lurker can’t kill Death. Death becomes angry easily.
Fight Style: Old Reaper Form is the Grim Reaper. Uses his Scythe.
Preferences: Crossword Puzzles. Life and its subtle beauty. Love for God (Metrodoria Lightbringer).
Quirks: Meticulous and likes everything to go according to plan.


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	

Cryious


General History
Cryious is Death’s first reaper born of the 2nd Reality (now non-existent). He is duty-bound as a reaper for Death. Standing as an elite fighter to Death, he currently oversees Maytradalis’ reaper training.
Has been with Death since the beginning as the first Reaperborn.


Physical Appearance
Physical Description: Robed with a Lightning Bolt which signifies the bond he has with Death and the sacrifice he has made for the 2nd Reality. He has no face, just a void where the lightning bolt is.
Hair Color: N/A
Eye Color: N/A
Height: 6”2
Weight: ~160-170lbs


Personality Traits
Personality: Loyal and respectful to Master Death as a brother in arms, dogmatic, and traditional.
In the writing of Death and Cryious, they are mirrors of one another. They can see faults in one another but not in themselves, making the two contradictory.
Personality Arc: He opens up to change with May over time and even at one point accepts that she can be a Reaper and still have emotions.
Flaws: Short temper, stubborn.
Fight Style: Hand-to-hand combat; His mastery of weapons allows him to be a viable mentor to Maytradalis’s fighting style.
Preferences: Lavender, rosemary and the Flower of Death (a flower of pungent/rotten smells)
Quirks: He collects flowers as he believes that they give a glimpse of lives (connected to the gardener of creation).


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	

Elystria


General History
An anomaly character
Maytradalis chose Elystria to be the Reaper of her Reality and told her that she has to stay away from her family if she wants to be a Reaper.
Elystria walks by a crane that is working on a nearby building. The construction workers are walking back and forth giving the idea of a bustling street. One worker mentioned that the cables are frayed. Another response was that it’s fine, it’s been like that for weeks with no issues.
Meanwhile, Elystria is thinking about the cost of being a Reaper. On the one hand, she is devoted to serving a purpose higher than herself, and this sounds like just that. On the other hand, she loves her husband and daughter and can't bear to lose them. Unfortunately, this moment serves to “distract” the reader from the details of the construction workers. They swerve rather quickly to not hit her, and that is when the comments about the frayed cables are made.
She sees a girl at the park who is by herself and they end up talking. She keeps talking because the girl reminds her of her daughter.
The building's frayed cables snap, and the building collapses on top of the road Elystria’s husband and daughter are on. They were stuck in a traffic jam, and could not escape in time.
Elystria is heartbroken by this happening and even blames herself for their deaths. However, she also blamed Maytradalis for choosing her as a Reaper. 
Over time, she learns the events that happened to her were not really coincidental, but rather the result of her being chosen. This sparks an endless hatred of Death, because she learns that is a law he put into place. But it does eventually give her a chance to forgive May.


Physical Appearance
Insert here


Personality Traits
Personality: A kind soul, she doesn’t run in the face of danger, but that doesn’t mean she isn’t without fear. Of all the Reapers, she displays the most emotion and is the most expressive. 
Personality Arc: She starts to make decisions that aren’t so kind anymore to protect May, showing how far she’s willing to go (even betray her beliefs). She doesn’t want to be a reaper and live forever. Eventually, she dies. She knows who the new gardener is but dies before she can tell anyone.
Fighting Style: Hand-to-hand combat
Flaws: Selfless, Indecisive


Goals
Insert here


Internal Conflict
Insert here


Internal Stakes
Insert here
	

Setting and Worldbuilding


Provide bulleted points about where this story will take place. Include multiple locations‌.


Death’s Ship
Insert here


Creation
Insert here


The Soul Plane
Insert here


The Endless
The place between realities


The Real World
Insert here


The Garden of Creation
Insert here


Zero Point
Insert here


Home Realm
Insert here


The Trading Hub
* Is a fragment of Ventus One that acts as an all-around economic trading world for the various races and species within the Endless.
* The Trading Hub consists of cities that are filled with shops, vendors and wares of all commodities.
* All activities and wares of legal and illegal services with areas and levels going deep.
-It is located within the Centurion Guards territory.




	

Story idea in a few paragraphs


What do you envision for this story, within the tropes you’ve chosen? Focus on twists, and turns, and not being predictable. Provide beginning, middle, and end points. What is the first chapter hook going to be?




	

Events list


Where does the story begin, and what events move it along? Include plot points, for the beginning, middle, and end of the story.




	

Character Catalog


List of supporting characters with brief descriptions and why they exist in the story (protagonist, antagonist, etc.)


Death Faction:
* Kiza


Harbingers:
* Agitator of Sin
   * Engineer
   * The Sniper
   * The Medic


Centurion Faction:
* Alpha Superium
* Centurion Guard
* Iza


Dimension Light Faction:
* Sam Chester
* Madoria AI


Against the Death Faction:
   * Lurkers Husks
   * Lurker
   * Leviathan Faction


Centurion Faction’s Antagonists:
* Demon Baby


Dimension Lock Faction’s Antagonists:
* The Pain Master
* The Sentry of the Tenebris


	

Hard Lore


The lore is fixed and cannot be altered.


* Origin Story
* Magic Systems
* Reaper Lore
* Other Faction Lore
* Mary’s Story Notes
* Writer Limit Notes
	

Soft Lore


Flexible for writers to change.
* May’s ARC 1 character arc
* Sam’s ARC 1 character arc
* Death’s ARC 1 character arc
* Vivian’s ARC 1 character arc
	

Factions/Organizations Lore


This section discusses organizations/groups and the lore within them.


* Faction Details
* Faction Lore
	

Manuscript Outline (Chapter Summaries)
ARC 1
Table of Contents


Introduction /Prologue/Foreword: Cat and Mouse/Obsidian
	The backstory of Metrodoria and her soldiers fighting the
Tenebris and its fleets. Metrodoria is killed by the Tenebris while the Vestus One containing her daughter, Medoria (aka Madison), escapes. The operators bring up the Obsidian as a last resort to having the monster locked in its reality. After the news of Metrodoria’s death, Madison is given leadership, in which she can’t handle the pressure. The Tenebris catches up to the Vestus One as Madison comes up with a solution. She sacrifices herself as she bursts into light particles that fill the room and certain people. The failsafe is activated as Operator Chester
sacrifices himself. A light illuminates from the Vestus One and causes the dark space to become a white light. Everyone is disintegrated, and pieces of the Obsidian make it into the black hole. Finally, on an unknown planet, Sydney and her family are introduced as a crow descends into Death’s cage
	Chapter 1: Sound of Devotion
	Introduces Maytradalis and Flybutt and their dynamic.
	Chapter 2: A Reaper’s Banter
	Introduces Death’s ship, and the disappearance of Reapers.
	Chapter 3: The Leap
	Introduces Cryious, Death, along with the lore behind soul seeds and hints of a mysterious malfunction of the scythe. May collects soul seeds.


	Chapter 4: Lurking About
	May fights a frog demon who steals her hat. Sam is mentioned and watches the fight.
	Chapter 5: Paparrazi
	May meets the Lurker, and they fight and gravely injure May. However, May is miraculously healed by the magical pouches, but Flybutt is left unconscious. May makes a run for it back to Death. However, she accidentally bumps into Vivian once again. As the ship departs, Death realizes he must have a fix soon. Vivian sneaks into the ship with his shapeshifting abilities and begins to traverse the endless halls of the ship.
	Chapter 6: Cleansing
	May meets Vivian and forms a Soul contract.
	Chapter 7: Soul Contract
	The main characters for chapter 7 will be May, Vivian, and Flybutt; the mysterious character who May will meet is Sam. It will be very brief; he studies dimensional travel on the planet. Before he leaves, Midoriya AI tells Sam that home is calling, and urgent matters have reached the team’s attention, forcing him to depart. May introduces what reapers can and can’t do to Vivian and trains Vivian on how to catch souls. Four Elite Reapers stand guard, watching everything. May unleashes her more terrifying side in her coaching. Cryious is on a carrier mission in-between to find Omar. Vivian will show off the shifting forms he has collected over time, including the form of a “Demon Destroyer” (can only
be controlled for 10 minutes). The Shadow Demon race created this form, leaving many wondering how Vivian could have acquired it. The Elite Reapers prepare for combat against the Demon Destroyer, but they do not engage. Other than barking orders and critiquing his every move during training, May will be more or less quiet after the talk she had with Sidney, which starts to make her question if she has been too mean. Before she can make a choice, Death intrudes and questions her about it, causing May to later take her hat off on purpose to forget about the hope, repeating. This will further establish the connection between May’s hat and her memories (the longer she is not wearing her hat, the more memories she potentially loses, though she can focus this effect to target certain memories and forget them permanently). Vivian walks alongside Flybutt, and Vivian calls Flybutt “Bloat”. Death and Cryious look onward towards the three outside the ship, Cryious checks out the location that Sam was at but finds nothing to figure out who he is, so Cryious mumbles nothing, strange… All the characters board Death’s ship as they travel to the next destination.
	Chapter 8: Obedience Training
	The main characters will be May, Vivian, Cryious, Kiza, Flybutt, and Izai. May, Vivian and Flybutt will be looking for some supplies for the deeper travels, while Death will be going to the Centurion capital to meet the leader of the Centurion guard. Death asks the chairman for the location of the Obsidian Containment Unit. Meanwhile, May's crew will go back to Death’s ship to stay on guard. Adopted siblings Kiza and Izai will be introduced. Izai is a recruit for the Centurion guard, whereas Kiza is a measly reporter. They will be requesting to stay on the ship. Death and Cryious will permit them, allowing them on the ship. This will surprise May as she is not used to seeing mortals being granted passage on Death’s ship (let alone having rooms for themselves). Vivian will ask for his room, too (“Hey, why don’t I get a room?” type moment), and Death will say, “Sure.” May’s got a basket of fruits, and one of the fruits is ringing, and there will be e a display saying “caller unknown” (the Lurker). Chairmen talk to the shadow person in the corner of the room about having a mission (the Agitator of Sin, established later). End such as having Kiza study and report on reapers onboard Death’s ship. Centurions fully introduced. New Location established.
	Chapter 9: Title
	As the team settles, May will listen to the call. The Lurker taunts May, saying he’s coming. In the background, a statue grotesquely comes to life (Resident Evil style), and stalks toward the party. A Centurion guard insists that May leave focusing an orbital cannon on the statue. A fight ensues between the Centurion guard, the statue, and some involvement from Death himself. The Centurion guards' worship of Death is established here. May has a sudden urge to find the Lurker and fight him. Death has everyone board the ship and depart. Death will surprise Vivian in his room and intimidate him about why he came in the first place onto Death’s ship. This will leave Vivian pondering. Flybutt and
May will talk about the possible whereabouts of the Lurker's next attack. The scene will end with Death’s ship entering the clouds.
	Chapter 10: Title
	The theme of the chapter is gonna be possibly a meanwhile type of setting and will be following Sam. There will be a few scenes dedicated to him. Midoria’s AI. He will find a way to bypass the admin system to find his love. sooner or later he will cross the crossroads with Death’s team. Death is holding a reaper gathering where thousands of reapers congregate. When May shows herself, all the reapers look at May with disdain. He's having a meeting about the obsidian devices and the
ongoing fight against the Lurker, unaware that the Lurker is listening the entire time via the newly formed realities (easier to corrupt with no/newly established reapers). Established here is that when a soul is corrupted, it becomes hidden from Death’s view. If the firstborn soul is tainted before the reality is fully formed, it will always be hidden from Death. This also helps to explain why Sam can retain his memories no matter how many times he dies. While this meeting is going on, Vivian will be taunted by a reaper sitting beside him who is sharpening his blade. Afterward, there will be some staring contest between May and that reaper, and Vivian will feel the heat. May will be called a reaper killer, because of her past self, which catches Vivian off guard but is easily distracted by Flybutt's rambling. The scene ends with the 3 chilling outside. With May having Flybutt sleeping on her hat and May asking Vivian why he hasn’t died yet what was with the girly name and if it was for some kink... Vivian will say it's for family remembrance... May will react with feeling distraught about it saying “I guess I understand family a little... We got a lot of work weirdo... Be ready. Death isn't the one to play chill.” Cryious and Death try to guess the next reality the Lurker will destroy and theorize the next one...
	Chapter 11: Title
	May and Flybutt adventure. A situation occurs where May can do nothing to save a person from dying, as is per reaper law. A child is getting bullied upon a bridge. This causes a conflict within May. She ends up reaping the kid after he falls off the bridge. As she reaps his soul, she lies that his mother is waiting for him. Despite May’s inability to cry (rather, with her keeping her emotions in check, only a single tear runs down her cheek), it is an emotional scene regardless. Flashback will show her training with a reaper on how to reap a soul. She ends up having trouble reaping the soul because her emotions get the better of her. She figured there was still hope, so she went out to find the parents. The child died from starvation, leaving her no choice but to reap his soul right then, or it would
Existence would erase them, they would be left in limbo, or a Soul Collector would gather them.
	Chapter 12: Title
	Kiza backstory. Get to know more about her character and her relationship with her brother Izai. May finds a way to contact the Lurker, threatening him that she will find him. She kept the apple that he used on her last time, and it opened up Pac-Man style to reveal a screen. Upon staring at it for too long, May gets sucked in, where the Lurker puts her through a mini-game world of sorts. The Lurker has already destroyed each reality that May finds as an apple. Vivian and Flybutt. discover what’s going on, inform Death, and he will pull May out of the game and destroy the apple. Cryious will slam May against a wall for being so stupid and falling prey to Lurker’s trap. May taunts Cryious, saying that anger is an emotion, and reapers don’t have emotions. Vivian and Kiza carry off May, and Death will shake his head at Cryious and walk away.
	Chapter 13: Calm Before the Storm
	May helps Death in the Library, and Death finally spills the beans on why he is so worried that May will fail. Death will mention the reason Sidney could be acting up is possibly because someone is trying to breach the Blackbox. The only question is: who? The answer is Sam, but Death and May do not know; only we, the audience, know the truth. May will learn more about the Obsidian and the plan for using it against the Lurker. Death will also share the location for this ultimate mission, and May will be meeting up with the most honored guard, sent by the
Chairman to assist May on her mission (the Agitator of Sin, whose real mission is to analyze May and determine whether or not she is a heretic). May will also learn how dangerous this reality truly is, especially when it comes to emotions. This chapter will conclude with her having a good time with her friends. A picture hangs on the wall, taken before the mission starts, and the chapter concludes with a light-hearted moment. A calm before the storm.
	Chapter 14: Title
	May and her crew team up with the Agitator of Sin to retrieve the Obsidian Containment Unit for Death. They fight off against a corrupted Ragdoll, and Vivian unleashes his Demon Destroyer form. During the fight, May helps up a Centurion guard. And this sends a red flag to the Agitator of Sin, giving him the proof he needs. When the Agitator orders the guards to shoot down May as she is running to find Vivian, Kiza initiates a fight. The Agitator of Sin overrides Kiza’s suit, turning it against her and gaining control. May returns to see the situation, but is confused and doesn’t know what exactly is happening. May inadvertently kills Kiza because she does not realize Kiza’s suit is being controlled by the Agitator of Sin. During this entire fight, Kiza is screaming and begging to be let go. Even as she is dying, she continues to beg to be let out of her suit. When May finally realizes what has happened, distraught by the fact that she killed a friend, the Agitator of Sin calls May out as a heretic. Before she has a chance to do anything, he fires upon her. The Agitator of Sin blasts May, tearing off her limbs and disintegrating her body until very little remains. The Agitator of Sin, in his Demon Destroyer form, swiftly overwhelms Vivian, showing how outmatched he is. Flybutt convinces Vivian to run, and they flee in terror knowing they can do nothing. May is not dead, but the Blackbox is weakened. In that moment, Sam realizes he now has the opportunity he’s been waiting for and captures Sydney’s soul from the Blackbox. This reverses the two, leaving Sydney on the surface and May trapped in the Blackbox.
	Chapter 15: Title
	Sam and his crew protect Sidney from continuous threats. All the while, Vivian and Flybutt begin a rescue mission to find and retrieve May, not knowing that. May is currently Sydney.
	Chapter 16: Title
	Sam’s crew races around the clock to find a way to save Sidney's soul from returning to the Blackbox. May is tearing down the forest that was once the garden. While she is desperate to get out, she doesn’t know that she is destroying the emotions of Sydney. Sydney begins to flicker in and out of consciousness and the Blackbox. In a last-ditch effort to save Sydney, Sam will get sucked astrally into the dimension the Blackbox resides in. He begins punching at the barrier keeping him out of the Blackbox, but this only causes Sydney to despair. He manages to get his hand through and reaches for Sydney. He glances at The Madness, temporarily driving him insane. Sydney distracts him by taking his hand and looking into his eyes. As she lays her head upon his hand, a single tear runs down her cheek to indicate she has given in. Sydney remains in the Blackbox, allowing May to return to the surface.
	Chapter 17: Return
	The return of Maytridalis, aftermath, Death getting vengeance on the guard for what happened to May (including and especially the Agitator of Sin), Sam going into hiding.
	Chapter 18: Title
	May recovers, notices she doesn't have emotions and will save a flower that remains of Sidney's soul in the Blackbox. Death will debate on reaping her but will decide to allow things to play out. May will receive a new outfit and will have a different look. Flybutt and Vivian will comfort May, and Vivian will question her. The chapter ends with Death preparing a reaper group as he looks onward at the friends and then toward the devices in front of him that form the Obsidian. The Agitator of Sin will return to life via a grotesque scene (he punches his way out of an expecting mother’s womb, forming into a fully grown man before his feet touch the floor). Immediately reporting to the chairman with his debrief. The Lurker appears in an unknown, futuristic city with a basket of apples which he will precede to offer two choices. The person will reach out their hand and the chapter cuts abruptly.
	Chapter 19: Title
	

	Chapter 20: Title
	

	Chapter 21: Why I Believed
	

	Chapter 22: Gary’s Trade
	

	Chapter 23: The Good Fellow
	

	Chapter 24: A Lurker’s Ambitions
	

	Chapter 25: Level -99
	Iza goes to level -99 to recover the fragment of Mydoria
	Chapter 26: Good Intentions
	

	Chapter 27: Smile For the Cameras
	

	Chapter 28: An Angel’s Walk
	

	Chapter 29: Friends and Foes
	

	Chapter 30: The Ravens
	

	Chapter 31: Dirty Dealings Part 1
	

	Chapter 32: Dirty Dealings Part 2
	

	Chapter 33: Descendants
	

	Chapter 34: Reign of Penitence
	

	Chapter 35: The Phantom and the Menas
	

	Chapter 36: Painful Shortcomings
	

	Chapter 37: The Moon-Eating Serpent
	Mydoria AI vanishes
	Chapter 38: Running Out of Time
	

	Chapter 39: The Retrievable
	

	Chapter 40: 99 Problems
	Briefly back to level -99
	Chapter 41: Two Faced
	

	Chapter 42: Agitator and the Wiser
	

	Chapter 43: Light Bringer
	Back to level -99
	Chapter 44: Crows Nest
	

	Chapter 45: Bargaining Chip
	

	Chapter 46: Infinite Pain
	

	Chapter 47: The Box
	

	Chapter 48: Dread Hour
	

	Chapter 49: The Many Sins of I
	

	Chapter 50: Darkness and the Light
	

	MIDPOINT
	Chapter 51: The Flower That is My Hope
	

	Chapter 52: The Good Jazz
	

	Chapter 53: Cyber Ghost
	

	Chapter 54: Dark Intentions
	

	Chapter 55: Eve and the Jinn
	

	Chapter 56: Friendship is Pain
	

	Chapter 57: A Seed for a Paradise
	

	Chapter 58: Highway to Heaven
	

	Chapter 59: Distant Echoes
	

	Chapter 60: Joker and Viv
	

	Chapter 61: Koil and Sic Boi
	

	Chapter 62: Losing Focus
	

	Chapter 63: Trouble in the Sphere
	

	Chapter 64: Tendrils of Maddness Part 1
	

	Chapter 65: Tendrils of Maddness Part 2
	

	Chapter 66: Tendrils of Maddness Part 3
	

	Chapter 67: Battle ARC
	

	Chapter 68: Battle of Devotis Realiotus
	

	Chapter 69: Scorn of Terror
	

	Chapter 70: Revelations of Fear
	

	Chapter 71: The Win
	

	Chapter 72: Good Gods
	

	Chapter 73: Bad Gods
	

	Chapter 74: Gods of the Beyonder
	

	Chapter 75: Count My Deeds
	Ellie backstory
	Chapter 76: Ghostly Interference
	

	Chapter 77: The Sentry
	Sentry’s reveal of the tenebris
	Chapter 78: Even Light Can’t Beat Contrast
	

	Chapter 79: Coffee Break
	

	Chapter 80: Happy Moments
	

	Chapter 81: Reaper Death Count
	

	Chapter 82: Maddness of Endurance
	

	Chapter 83: True Purpose
	

	Chapter 84: The Passing of Knowledge
	

	Chapter 85: Governance of my Stone Heart
	

	Chapter 86: 
	

	Chapter 87: 
	

	Chapter 88: 
	

	Chapter 89: The Gardner of Creation
	Tease Cryious working on the garden
	Chapter 90: Eyes of Mine
	

	Chapter 91: 
	

	Chapter 92: 
	

	Chapter 93: 
	

	Chapter 94: 
	

	Chapter 95: 
	

	Chapter 96: 
	

	Chapter 97: 
	

	Chapter 98: 
	

	Chapter 99: 
	

	Chapter 100: Can We Change
	Vivian asked about her
	FINAL POINT
	Chapter 101: Building Blocks
	

	Chapter 102: Bravo Conceptions
	

	Chapter 103: ChillCore
	Figure out the team’s next moves
	Chapter 104: Devious Intentions
	

	Chapter 105: Eternal Fear
	

	Chapter 106: Frog and the Toad
	A metaphor for the life cycle and metamorphosis. Different sides of the same coin. May deals with her past self. Talks to Vivian about it. Tease a romantic bond between the two.
	Chapter 107: Tadpole and Guy
	

	Chapter 108: Hey, Can I Have a Drink?
	

	Chapter 109: Ion Tears
	May gets the infection. Ely’s past.
	Chapter 110: 
	

	Chapter 111: 
	

	Chapter 112: 
	

	Chapter 113: 
	

	Chapter 114: 
	

	Chapter 115: 
	

	Chapter 116: 
	

	Chapter 117: 
	

	Chapter 118: 
	

	Chapter 119: 
	

	Chapter 120: 
	

	Chapter 121: 
	

	Chapter 122: 
	

	Chapter 123: 
	

	Chapter 124: 
	

	Chapter 125: 
	

	Chapter 126: 
	

	Chapter 127: 
	

	Chapter 128: 
	

	Chapter 129: 
	

	Chapter 130: 
	

	Chapter 131: 
	

	Chapter 132: Storm Coming
	

	Chapter 133: Broken Mirage
	

	Chapter 134: Leviticus
	Ely dies
	Chapter 135: An End
	Ely dies
	Chapter 136: Tears in the Rain
	

	Chapter 137: I Love You
	

	Chapter 138: The Goddess of Hope
	

	Chapter 139: 
	

	Chapter 140: 
	

	Chapter 141: 
	

	Chapter 142: 
	

	Chapter 143: 
	

	Chapter 144: 
	

	Chapter 145: 
	

	Chapter 146: 
	

	Chapter 147: 
	

	Chapter 148: 
	

	Chapter 149: 
	Death of Cryious and Flybutt
	Chapter 150: 
	Death’s ship’s destruction. Death and rebirth of May
	Epilogue/Afterword
	

	THE MIDDLE (ARC 2)
THE CLIMAS (ARC 3)


Chapter-by-Chapter Summary


Next, you’ll provide more information about the actual chapters in terms of headings, subheadings, information to be included in each, and so forth.


Chapter 1: Title


What do you want the hook for the chapter to be? (1-sentence summary.)




	

Supporting Content


What plot points do you want here? Any points of conflict? Share in more detail what you expect from this chapter.




	**repeat above structure for as many chapters as necessary**


Epilogue/Afterword


What’s the close? Is there a cliffhanger?