Overview Document


Purpose: This document.aims to gain an understanding of the Dimensionlock Comics for its story, characters, and lore bits. 
Introduction
As a reaper-in-training, May'tra'dalis travels the space in-between realities called the Endless. She and her best buddy Flybutt, a very interesting fly and her great master, a living skeleton called Death, will embark on a very challenging journey to find a way to defeat the mysterious entity called the Lurker.
Story Themes
This section uses emphasizes the core themes centered on DimensionLock. 
1. Learning to move on. 
2. Learning to forgive oneself.
3. Finding what it means to be good in a world that's infinitely evil.
4. Cherish the things that are close to us.
Chapter 1 - Sound of Devotion
The Story Begins with a Dream…
Summary
The story introduces us to May'tra'dalis in a dream receiving her Reaper’s Scythe from Death who is her master.Her goal as a Reaper is to bring order to creation which are different realms. As Death’s Maid she is tasked to search for pieces of a device called the Obsidian. 




“In the dream sequence, once the Reaper’s Scythe has been given to May. Death seems to disintegrate into dust as May is struggling against a strong force that swallows her whole.” This seems to be a usual dream as an interaction with Flybutt who has awoken May as she is summoned by Death for her current Reaper task.


It would seem that a lot of Reapers are already gone by the time May and Flybutt have a commentary of the lack of them as they have departed.The story ends on a cliffhanger at Death’s quarters where May wishes to affirm her willingness to prove her worth for today’s job.


Characters
  

May'tra'dalis
(Right) - Our Protagonist
Flybutt
(Left) - May'tra'dalis’ companion
Items


The Obsidian 
A powerful artifact that is to be revealed later in the story.


Reaper's Scythe
An item that is given to May'tra'dalis as part of her trial completion. She is newly appointed as a reaper through the dream.
Locations


Death’s Ship (Name?)
  

May’s Room
  



Ship Interior - Reaper Quarters
  



Interior Location - Entrance to the Surge Hanger
  

Death’s Chamber (Exterior)
  

Chapter 2 - 1.2
May Enters Death’s Office and Receives Her Task.


Summary
We get introduced to Maytrilis’s role as a Reaper during her first day on the job. She is tasked by Death to harvest 10,000 Soul Seeds. She is watched over by a looming figure named Cryious. Maytrilis also meets a friend named Ronane who acts as a mechanic on Death’s ship. She looms over the Endless and the many Realities that lie below to begin her duty.


Characters
May'tra'dalis - 


Flybutt - 


Death - Maytrilis’s Boss who tasks Maytrilis to harvest 10,000


Cryious - A Reaper that is tasked by Death to observe Maytrilis during her first day as a Reaper
  



Ronane - Surge Hangar Mechanic - Friends with May'tra'dalis
  

Items
A Rattling Cage?
  





Soul Seeds Bag
  



Soul Seed (Unreaped) 
  

Locations


Death’s Office


  

Surge Hangar
  

Chapter 3 - 1.3
A Walk Of Faith, May Takes the Leap. 


Summary
May'tra'dalis diligently collects 9,999 Souls, She risks venturing further to catch the last remaining soul that she needs to complete 10,000. The Endless is revealed to be a realm of fog and clouds. May'tra'dalis seems to require focus in order to venture out and walk among the clouds.She almost falls but is narrowly saved by Cryious. Upon presenting all the Souls that Maytrilis has collected. Death nonchalantly assigns the new reaper 20,000 more souls to reap.


This chapter introduces May’s Soul Reaping abilities, the work that Reapers do in the Endless.
Characters
May'tra'dalis & Flybutt
  



Cryious 
  



Death
  

Items


  

Soul Seed, May’s Reaper Scythe, Soul Seed Bag?
Locations
The Endless and the Souls
  



Death’s Ship
  



Death’s Office Interior
  

Trading Hub (Mentioned)


Not defined what this means but the next chapter offers a glimpse.




Chapter 4 - 2.1 
Chapter 2: A Visit Of Importance


Summary
May'tra'dalis shows her skills when reaping the 20,000 souls. A ship passed by and Her Scythe seems to malfunction as she mentions the name Sydney. 
  





Cryious gives a lecture regarding May'tra'dalis’ emotions as the only factor that is holding her back from becoming a full reaper. Time in the Endless is different; It is currently the 100th cycle and May'tra'dalis seems to have forgotten a few lessons from her past.[a]


Death will want to take May'tra'dalis to the Trading Hub; they have a brief talk regarding May's wealth and how “realities cannot be saved by all the Soul Seeds in the Endless”.


While she is on standby. Death and Cryious privately discuss the situation involving May and how her emotions will be a liability to the main mission of hunting for the Obsidian and The Maddness that is uncontrolled may kill them all. Death is determined that May'tra'dalis will fulfill her purpose.


Meanwhile, May'tra'dalis calls up a white robed female named Elystria, a woman located at The City of Laviticus - The Capital of Bones for an update. The chapter ends with a mysterious figure in the presence of Elystria




Characters


Sydney - Briefly Mentioned
  

May'tra'dalis, Flybutt, Death, Cryious in one scene


Elystria - May’s friend who knows of May’s Soul Reaping duties.
  

Items
-None listed to be seen as relevant or of importance possibly.
Locations
The Command Floor
  

A view of the Levels of Realities[b]
  













The Cresent Renlit -53[c]
  



The City of Laviticus - The Capital of Bones


  

Chapter 5 - 2.2 
The Agitator of Sin and his crew rush against time to save a dying reaper but are met with a surprise.


Summary
The scene opens up to a ship dropping at a reality where strange tendrils engulf what seems to be a planet. The ship transports a squad of soldiers to find a targeted Reaper,its untimely death caused by The Lurker, an entity which seems to create and control these Reality-eating parasites.


These soldiers receive intel from a reaper who specializes in facing the Lurker and saving Realities. The A.o.S (Agitator of Sin) would report back to an Alpha Superium King.


This seemingly disconnected intro.actually shows a few plot points within the story that is correlated
-Shows the Agitator of Sin as another faction
-Reveals how a dead reaper can throw things out of balance.
-Reveals reality eating parasites
-Explains how realities die


Meanwhile Death and all aboard Death’s Ship are transported to what we can assume to be the Trading Hub[d]. The comic issue ends with May'tra'dalis and the group seem to be strolling.through the City streets.
Characters


Agitator of Sin - A powerful warrior 
  



















A Troll left by the Lurker
  





Alpha Superium King - briefly mentioned


Items
-None seem relevant.
Locations


A view of an ending Reality
  





Inside- The Ship


  



Srandles Reality 
-briefly mentioned as the Reality above TTH


The Trading Hub?
  





Chapter 6 - 2.3
A trade is done and memories are resurfaced.


Summary
The chapter starts with May'tra'dalis wandering through the many stalls with a variety of different wares and races. Slaves,weapons, oddities, flora and fauna are being sold.Death and May'tra'dalis enter a shop owned by Merillious who seems to deal with artifacts/relics of power.


May'tra'dalis is then urged to enter a cage with the different kinds of Lurkers as a trial. May partially transacts the soul seeds to feed the chained creatures but has forgotten her training is cornered and is panicking. It is by Death’s intervention due to his impatience that May escapes and Merilious hands out the Obsidian Husk.


Through the streets of the Trading Hub a doomcaller beckons the crowd with the warnings of the destruction of Realities brought about by a ‘great evil.’ May'tra'dalis is called out and she remembers a dream. A dream with Death and a Raven that flies out of its cage. The comic issue ends with the phrase

‘For my greatest fear, The Maddness, that is in my soul’ is an image showing the Raven’s feathers descending with a figure draped in white.
Characters


Merillious - an antique collector of rare items.
  



The Different Creatures
  

Runners - Primary purpose is to chase down prey for the Lurker.


  

Seekers - Primary Purpose is to keep watch of what the Runners find.





Items
The Obsidian Husk - An artifact of power.
  





A Raven’s cage held by Death
  

Locations


The Trading Hub
  



Merillious’ Shop
  

























A Door that leads to?
  







[a]Do redefine how timelines work as she's aged over a Million?
[b]The way this was seen is through a call from May, Reapers have maps of all the levels of the Realities?
[c]Legit spelled as Cresent or Crescent? Also do explain that within this reality is the City of Laviticus? A brief description is vital for understanding.
[d]Is TTH short for The Trading Hub?